fix(create-mc-app): reading user input in Node v14 (#2485)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/fair-emus-hammer.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/create-mc-app': patch
---

> Fix reading user input to `entryPointUriPath` and `initialProjectKey` variables in case of `create-mc-app` executed in Node v14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix compatibility with Node `< v14.18` for reading user input.
```
